Document EasyCLA (#104)
jenkinsci/infra-cla: README.md

# Jenkins project CLA

The Jenkins project strives for a low barrier of entry. Therefore, we require a signed CLA for board members, officers, core committers and people belonging to specific teams only.  
If you are interested in joining the core, documentation, hosting, infrastructure, release or security team, a signed CLA is one prerequisite.  
If you are a board member or officer listed on the [governance page](https://www.jenkins.io/project/board/), you have signed a CLA already.

Members of special interest groups, regular committers, general participants, and one-time committers in the project do not require a signed CLA, although we welcome anyone who's willing to submit a CLA for their work.

# How to submit a CLA

## Preamble

> The Jenkins project uses the EasyCLA service provided by the Linux Foundation. We do no longer accept signed PDFs sent by email to the board or by a pull request to this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins project uses the EasyCLA service provided by the Linux Foundation. We no longer accept signed PDFs sent by email to the board or by a pull request to this repository.
```

> EasyCLA is a self service, which requires no manual intervention by the board or any other Jenkins project member. It is a one-time process, valid for all Jenkins [community spaces](https://www.jenkins.io/project/conduct/#community-spaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EasyCLA is self service and requires no manual intervention by the board or any other Jenkins project member. It is a one-time process, valid for all Jenkins [community spaces](https://www.jenkins.io/project/conduct/#community-spaces).
```

# Jenkins project CLA

The Jenkins project strives for a low barrier of entry. Therefore, we require a signed CLA for board members, officers, core committers and people belonging to specific teams only.  
If you are interested in joining the core, documentation, hosting, infrastructure, release or security team, a signed CLA is one prerequisite.  
If you are a board member or officer listed on the [governance page](https://www.jenkins.io/project/board/), you have signed a CLA already.

> Special interest groups, regular or one-time committers and general participation in the project and requires no signed CLA, although we welcome anyone who's willing to submit a CLA for their work.

Reviewer: Attempt to simplify the phrasing and keep each of the descriptions as clearly identifying types of individuals.
```suggestion
Members of special interest groups, regular committers , general participants, and one-time committers in the project do not require a signed CLA, although we welcome anyone who's willing to submit a CLA for their work.
```

Author: Thanks!
